Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Peck It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back.
>> Tell them what we're doing. Tell them
what's up.
>> Okay, so it is Thursday. I would say
afternoon, but it's actually evening.
It's 6:45.
>> What?
>> Yes.
>> What time is it?
>> 6:45. No way. Yes. 6:42. Okay. I was
just kind of rounding it up.
>> Oh man, I didn't know it was that late.
>> Yeah. So, we are out here pack pulling
and packing orders so we can go to
garage sales in the morning.
>> I didn't know it was that late.
>> Don't have to worry about dealing with
packages tomorrow. We Well, so what had
happened was I I we we both listed
pretty good today.
>> Yeah.
>> And um
I I guess time Well, you Candace had to
go pick Molly up and run some other
errands after that. So that's Yeah,
we're just kind of
>> Yeah, we're getting a little late start
on this, but um it it won't take long.
We don't have much. There's only one
disc pack, I think. Yeah, that one
really sucks though.
>> Yeah.
>> So, uh what he's packing right now is a
lot of 25 35 mm movie theater trailers.
>> Yep.
>> Yep. So, he made up 10 lots today and
listed them and one of them sold.
>> That's good. I've been threatening to
list a bunch of these again and I
finally today I was like, "Okay, today
is the day." So, we have a lot more in
storage. Um, we did a huge buy last
summer of these uh theater movie theater
trailers. They're no full length films,
just all trailers,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
Mostly from what maybe like early 2000s.
>> Yeah. I would say like mid mid 2000s.
>> Yeah.
>> So far, that's what I've mostly seen.
Like 2006, 78, 2005, like up in there.
Yeah,
they're pretty like once I get my pro
once I have my process down, they're
pretty good. They're pretty easy. And
and I started packing them a little
smaller.
>> Yeah.
>> So they they're under a cubic foot now.
And maybe that'll make them even easier
to sell. Although we haven't had any
trouble selling them cuz shipping will
be a lot more economical.
>> I think it's still heavy though. That's
the thing.
>> Yep. 20 almost 22 lbs. Because I think a
lot of the um
a lot of times on packages that are
under a cubic foot that are heavier,
they'll end up going with like a cubic
rate.
>> Mhm.
>> But I think over 20 pounds, the cubic
rate disappears
and we we we're not we're we're not
going uh media with those cuz they're
literally advertisements,
>> right?
>> So
>> yeah, I can't do that.
So, they're all going to get shipped to
UPS ground.
>> They are.
>> Yeah. Well, those are,
>> right?
>> I'm assuming that's going to usually be
>> What's the difference in price? I'm
curious between
>> I already left that screen. Look like a
lot though.
It was a pretty substantial amount.
>> You never know though when sometimes uh
UPS USPS ground advantage is oddly
cheaper on a, you know, depending on
where it's going. every once in a while.
>> Where's that one going?
>> Um, it's going to New York.
>> Okay.
I think there might be some cases.
Where's the 2 in? Oh, here it is. There
may be some cases where um I think
closer.
>> Yeah.
>> More nearby.
Um,
>> ground advantage might be
>> ground advantage. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
like maybe zone one, zone two kind of
thing.
>> Or sometimes media if it's not something
quite, you know, heavy. Well, those
aren't media, but you know, like if we
have lots of books,
>> sometimes we ship media, sometimes,
>> right?
It used to be it used to be a
no-brainer.
>> Yep.
>> If it qualified for media, it wasn't
even close, right?
But
>> that was before ground advantage.
That was when there was just first class
and priority.
>> Yeah.
>> And then your specialty stuff like your
regional rate boxes and stuff.
>> Okay. That's that's going to be a comet
Miller. Yeah, man. Like except for the
except for the one difficult pack, this
is easy packing.
>> Yep.
It was an odd day today. We we brought
the um when we got those
when we brought all those reels um from
storage.
We didn't really we didn't want to junk
the shed up even more with them.
>> They take up a lot of room.
>> They do. So, I put them in the office
where the 3D printers and that's where I
also um a lot of times I'll edit after
work or whatever that this office and
we we put them in there temporarily
and I went ahead and um just I I stay I
kept them in there today and I stayed in
there today with Toby the cat and we got
all that stuff listed.
Toby was happy.
>> Oh, he is very happy.
>> Look at that. It's a pound on the dot.
>> Okay.
>> Oh, this is that corset thing.
>> I could probably just send this in uh
poly. Huh.
>> Will it fit in a bubble one?
>> Uh I don't know. It might be that might
be kind of tight. The bubble the bubble.
>> If they try to like Here's the problem.
It's got that bon in it. And if they try
to shove it in a mailbox, it'll break
the bon.
>> Okay. That's my only concern.
>> That's That stinks cuz it's not very
heavy.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, you know, I could You know what I
could do?
>> What about a a comic mailer? I mean, a
magazine mailer thing.
>> Oh, a vinyl mailer. Yeah.
>> Oh, let me see.
>> See if it'll fit in there.
>> It might.
>> Not quite.
Let me see.
Yeah, actually I can make that work.
>> Oh, sweet. I'm a genius.
>> You are.
>> Yeah, that'll work.
I don't know what the weight is that you
were planning on. We're coming in at 15
O rate, though.
>> That's what I had ounces.
>> So, I knew we were going to have to put
it in a box. that my other option was
going to be just to take uh couple of
pieces of cardboard, put them on either
side, and slide it
>> and then slide it into the one of the
big poly mailers.
>> Yeah,
>> this is this is good, too.
>> Okay.
All right.
It was almost 12 ounces. Pretty close.
Well, I can't do anything to cut weight
on that thing.
>> No, it's fine.
>> All right. So, uh I love Lucy dolls
here. They're kind of in the box. Not
really. They're actually They're in the
inner packaging, I guess. Huh.
>> Yeah, cuz they were still attached, but
the box was horrible.
So, I figure nobody would want that box
anyway, so that'll save them some
shipping weight.
This actually sold once.
>> Probably somebody thought it had the box
when they looked at the listing and
didn't realize it,
>> right? And then they canceled on us.
>> Yeah.
>> Or it might have been somebody. Yeah. It
might You know what it might have been?
It might have been some uh arbitrage
flipper or something, you know.
>> Yeah.
>> Those guys sometimes will they'll
they'll try and move too fast before
they have all the info in info. snatch
it up at when it's a good price,
>> right?
Oh, my uh I got to figure out what's
going on. My you know my resizer with
the bar on it?
>> Yeah,
>> that thing ain't the um
>> the handle broke again.
>> No, no, the the it's not tightening. And
I have some more. I have some more of
those things here. There's Mike that
sent those to us.
>> Yeah.
>> See if I can find them cuz I need that
thing.
>> They might be in the top drawer of that
>> That's what I think. I hope.
>> If not, you probably stuck them in our
little tool tool drawer.
>> Yeah.
Cuz I don't I don't like I don't like
going without that resizer. I use that
thing a lot.
>> Yeah.
That keeps our boxes looking straight.
Let's go ahead and do Let's go ahead and
knock out the the the hard one after
this.
>> Sure.
>> I want to go ahead and get it out the
way cuz I'm just standing here dreading
it.
I don't want to dread it anymore. I want
to go ahead and get get it done.
You'd think I'd stop dreading it by now,
huh?
There's some things I just don't like to
pack, y'all.
>> Yeah.
And I'm going um
I'm going a little extra on this book
pack with a this box. This is a higher
value book. $75.
East Press.
Get my stuff organized a little better
here.
All right.
We're still we're still going to try
list easier. We we actually one of the
things we had to do before we start
doing list easier cuz we had to uh start
using business policies again.
>> Yeah.
>> And we've been doing that. It's fine.
Fine.
>> Yep. It can get get to be a mess
sometimes when the or in the past it was
harder because there were more options
that we would use.
>> But now we only really use
>> returns shipping.
>> No, no, I'm talking about the shipping.
>> Oh.
>> Uh just the ship. The other ones don't
matter. Yeah.
>> Um
>> pretty much US ground advantage, UPS
ground, ground saver and media.
>> That's it.
>> Yeah. Four options. But we we well but
here's the thing. We don't even offer
ground saver.
>> No, we don't.
>> So the only one really all we offer is
media ground
uh UPS ground and and USPS ground
advantage. That's all we offer.
>> Yeah.
>> And we might ship some. Oh, here it is,
y'all.
Oh, man.
I'm going to do $32 worth of
complaining. I promise.
>> For the record, I didn't list it for
that.
>> I know
>> you listed it for $36, I think.
Something like that.
>> Oh, for those of you who um like to buy
and sell Fiesta Wear, and y'all probably
already know this,
one of the rare discontinued colors is
lavender.
>> They've come back out with that color.
>> Great. So if you find it, it doesn't
mean it's one of the rare older ones.
And that's probably going to drop the
value of the older ones, you know.
>> Good.
>> Huh?
>> You don't
>> Good. I don't want
>> You hate lavender for plates?
>> No, I don't. I just hate plates. Unless
I'm Unless it's got a bunch of food on
it and I'm about to eat it.
>> Plates are plates are something I just
don't like packing.
>> I'm sorry, Candace. I'll just I'll stop.
I'm I'm appreciative of this sale.
I'm glad it happened. I am.
>> And yeah. Anybody believe me yet?
>> Nope.
>> All right. I I actually am
cuz at the point this at the time this
sale had come in,
our sales were not like horrible, but
they weren't great. So, I was actually
really appreciative that we got the
sale, you know, but still
yuck.
All right, I'm just going to pack and
shut. I'm going to shut up and pack.
>> Dummy up and pack.
>> Yeah. Okay.
I remember the day I bought that fiesta.
You were mad. I got it for such a good
deal though.
>> I wasn't really mad.
>> Now I am.
>> You weren't happy. Let me put it that
way.
>> Well, I know you had to buy it. I agree.
But I don't know. I don't know if we see
this tomorrow.
I think you were planning on selling it
local at first or something.
I'm going to get so much grief in the
comments. I apologize, y'all. I just
like I can't hold it in when it comes to
this.
And we do make money on the breakables,
but I'm going to cuss about it every
time.
Hey, you should hear Rev complain when
when they buy breakables.
>> I do.
>> Oh, you do? Okay. Well, Rev could
complain, so can I?
>> No.
>> Of course. Nikki Nikki T don't look real
happy when he's complaining either. So,
>> yeah. You're probably not hearing what
she's saying to him.
>> I know. I know. Yeah, I know.
I thought about that. I was like, "Oh,
man. Rev's going to get it when he turns
that camera off."
>> Yep.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> And you know what? She still buys
glassear.
>> I know.
>> Do all the complaining he wants
>> or snow globes.
The moment she bought the snow globe,
he's like, "What did you buy?"
>> And I love watch. That's why I love
watching them. They are so like they're
unique. Okay, don't get me wrong. They
are so much like us when they're out
there shopping. They really are.
Although man, Rev don't know nothing
except vinyl though. Y'all got records?
Records. Records.
That That's not true actually.
They buy a bunch of other good stuff.
But man, that dude is honed in on the
vinyl.
And I understand why. He's got great
processes to to list it. He He's
knowledgeable about it.
>> Yep.
>> He He knows like
>> how it's going to do. But you know,
Nikki T has your eye.
>> She has my eyes.
>> She has your eye for um
She's more curious.
>> What does that mean?
>> She's going to look every like not look
everything up, but you could tell that
she's going to she's out there.
>> She's open to buying anything.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> And Rev is
It's more like me, I guess.
I'm pretty open, you
could tell who's going to pack the
stuff. I'll say that.
>> Now, you know, I do I usually consult
you before I buy glasses.
>> You do?
>> Hey, this will sell for this much. Do
you want to pack it for this much?
>> You do. I think you even did on this.
>> Yeah.
>> And I was like And I was like, I Yeah,
you do.
>> Yeah. Yeah, cuz when I was putting that
in the lots, I was consulting you
and um
>> I call this bubble wrap.
>> I know.
>> All right. Got you $32 of bubble wrap.
>> I can't quit yawning.
>> That's cuz it's time. That's cuz right
now we should be relaxing.
>> I know.
>> No, right now eating dinner.
>> In a little Yeah, eating dinner. And in
a little while you're going to be
playing in garage sales.
>> I know.
I forgot about that.
>> Yeah.
How you feel about that? Hold that.
>> Let me toss it to you.
Looks good.
Pretty good.
>> H.
>> Yeah, I'll use this. I got a 14. What
are the dimensions we allowed?
I I hope we at least allow
>> 13 14 12.
>> Oh, yeah. Okay. We're good. It's not
that's not exactly what I'm going to be
doing here cuz this is 15.
But it's not going to be 12 though. It's
probably It's going to be
might be around nine or something.
>> Yeah.
>> So it'll be about about what you're
expecting.
>> Oh my god.
>> Sometimes when we list things we have
certain boxes and then later we have a
different box. So
>> we never had that box. So
>> I think I was thinking of a 12 uh
the the 12 cubes are just they're just
they're a little too tight for
>> I know I was thinking about putting two
together I think is what I was thinking
>> those are a little tight for a dinner
plate in my opinion
>> right which is it's great that we
started getting 14 in
>> right that that's real that's the real
reason we I wanted to get these cuz I
was like
>> I try and squeeze the dinner plates into
these and it's like
>> and also like some of our action figures
and stuff that are on the big large.
>> Yeah,
>> this is a good size.
>> Yep.
So, this helps.
That's good. I mean, like
I basically the price she paid for that
it was almost free.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
it's fine.
Okay.
If I take some off of this, it ain't
going to be much.
Oh my gosh. I must I must be using $5
worth of packing.
And I really, you know what? I should I
really should take a little bit off of
this.
That extra If I can get an extra inch or
two off of this, it'll it'll reduce the
amount
cost of the shipping by a lot.
>> Yeah.
>> Freehanding this thing.
I'm not always the best at that. You'll
see.
I can already tell it's a little wonky.
Some every now and then you'll see
somebody in one of these Facebook groups
and they'll they'll they'll show where
they sold like
a bunch of uh china. Do we have any more
scraps somewhere?
>> Think I had Oh, I think you used them.
>> I must have. Huh?
>> Yeah, I
>> I have some up here. some stuff up here.
Let's see.
But you ever see those uh posts where
they be like, "Hey, I sold this set of
china and it's like a million pieces."
>> Yeah. How should I ship it?
>> How should I? Good luck.
>> Yeah.
>> How would you ship it? I wouldn't.
>> I have this 125 piece set of china. How
should I ship it?
>> Yeah, but I sold it for $200.
>> Local. That's how you do that.
>> I sold it for2 $250 free ship. Now, what
do I do?
Curse.
>> Yeah. Cancel the order and throwing
things against a wall.
Oh man. You know what? The time of day
it doesn't help. If it was morning right
now, I'd be a lot fresher and more into
this pack.
But right now I'm thinking all I'm can
think of of is you are the reason I'm
not eating my dinner right now.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
I feel I did a good job. I like it. If
it's overweight or something, I don't
even want to know.
>> Go.
>> Yeah. Okay. Like I said, I don't want to
know.
>> Mhm.
If it is, don't tell me because then
next time you want to buy some, I'll be
like, "Nope." Remember,
>> you did come in under 9 in.
>> Did I?
I don't know what the the final tally on
that. It's probably going to be over
postage a little bit. It's not.
>> We're good.
>> What? It's It's
How are we going to be shipping that?
What method?
>> Ground advantage.
>> Okay.
Oh, I don't I wouldn't ship ground saver
for breakables, you know. Well,
>> I didn't know if you're going to do UPS
ground or uh
>> Oh, no. Advantage.
>> Got to remember I'm not as in tune with
with the shipping prices lately.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> Cuz I don't buy the labels,
>> so I don't really know anymore.
You know what? I do not miss buying
this. I do not miss the all the stuff
you're doing. I do not miss doing that.
>> You probably wouldn't mind if you
weren't also packing orders.
>> No. No, I wouldn't.
>> Is the fact that you were doing all of
it.
>> Yeah. But yeah, this is just way better
cuz I like the packing part for the most
part. I really do.
I enjoy packing.
enjoy it so much I made a whole whole
YouTube channel all about it.
I guess I'm not stopping the camera. I'm
just gonna trust it. We got a long clip
going.
We you we had every now and then we
would have problems in the past.
Not often, but I think I was using old
memory cards that kind of weren't the
top notchotch.
And one of my Christmas gifts this year
was a brand new set of
brand new set of SD cards. Expensive
ones.
>> Yeah.
>> And they've they've been pretty good
so far.
Okay,
that's crazy how much this thing is
worth. Even like the book in in horrible
condition. It's got some wear though.
It's even got like a water stain where
somebody used it as a coaster one time.
Well, we had a pretty late flurry of
orders coming in.
>> Mhm.
>> It might end up being a good sales
night,
>> I think. So,
Maybe I'll start doing like people have
been telling me. I'll just go with the
single strip.
As long as it connects, I feel good
enough about it.
>> Yeah,
>> their tape is strong.
It's not that thin stuff.
I'm not using the resizer I normally
use. And this this one uh
this is not smooth.
A lot of the resizers we still have
here.
The reason we have them is we QA we QA
every resizer before it went out
and we had some that weren't quite up to
snuff as far as being smooth.
didn't operate very well. So, we just we
just kept them.
>> Well, that was nice back when we were
selling those things.
>> Yeah.
Before the market get got flooded, we
were the only ones selling them.
>> That's right.
Well, not the only, but one of
And then and even with the market
flooded, we still could have continued
to sell them. The only problem was the
other people that were selling way more
than us, like on Amazon and stuff, they
they gobbled up all the stock.
>> Yep.
>> And the places we used to get them,
>> they went up on their prices. went up on
their prices and
>> the price we would have had to charge.
We didn't feel good about selling them
at that price.
>> No.
>> So,
>> I was like, you know, I'd rather just
maybe maybe we'll just do an affiliate
link, let these other people make their
money on them at this point.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. What is this
>> box of buttons?
>> Oh, yeah.
Yeah. We did the $5 fill a bag where you
filled up a kitchen size garbage bag,
trash bag, whatever
for $5.
Look, this is all buttons, y'all.
It's got to be thousands, huh?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Nuts.
Let me see where we're at. Weight wise
282. All right. Want
to put a little bit in there so not
completely bouncing.
I can put a little more.
That's good. All those buttons I put in
there ended up Yeah. We're still way
under. All those buttons I was putting
in there paid off.
>> Yep. Those
are at a fill a bag sale. Fill a trash
bag for $5.
A garbage bag, I should say. Like a
kitchen size. Oh, did you?
>> Yeah.
>> Sorry, I'm tired. You
all right?
Get 864 here.
>> Yep. I'm out of steam.
>> The home stretch.
>> Yeah. I'm hoping we're really tired
tomorrow
cuz if we're really tired tomorrow, that
would mean we will have done good.
Garage sale tired is good usually.
So tired where you can't even unload
your stuff until the next day. Kind of
tired, you know.
>> Is that the last thing coming up?
>> No, you got two more after that.
>> Oh, wow.
Nice.
We never know how many orders we're
going to have on a Thursday night.
There's no telling.
Okay.
All right. Use another one of these
that came in the filler bag as well. Uh
that's a pin cushion. Looks like a
chair.
I think that that company can is drizz.
>> Ditz.
>> Yeah. We've we've had like some kind of
board. Remember we got at a garage sale
one time or an estate sale
>> for cutting fabric.
>> For cutting fabric and it it was a it
was drizz drizz I can't say that word.
I'm sorry. Drizz dri d. I can't say it.
Need to sign this though.
All right.
So, hey, that's $50 from the filler bag
already.
>> Yep.
>> Gotta love it.
Oh, yeah. I forgot about that.
>> Yeah, I'm thinking we probably need to
put it in a plastic bag.
>> All right, we're going to do a 1086
here.
This is just box in box.
Oh,
in a bag.
This is a little heavier. So, I may I'm
probably going to use a little more tape
on this one.
I would like to see Rev pack something
fragile.
I would like to see that.
>> You may not like to see that.
>> No, I would like to see that. I want to
see that. I want to see Rev pack like a
bunch of dishes or something.
So, we're going to say a prayer tonight
that Rev sells a bunch of fragile stuff
tonight.
>> Maybe they'll pick a bunch up uh
sourcing this weekend.
>> All right.
I usually don't see them buying plates
though. Huh. It's all It's usually like
glasses.
>> I wonder why.
>> Or maybe bowl. I haven't watched, of
course, I haven't haven't seen enough of
it to really.
They might not just had come across any
like really good ones yet.
>> As far as breakables, that's been some
of our biggest scores is glasses, you
know?
>> Right. Yeah.
>> Find the right ones.
>> And I don't mind glasses quite as much
as I do plates.
>> Yeah.
Last thing.
>> All right.
It's also the the last Italiana.
>> Yep. We didn't even know we had it.
>> No, it was back there on the shelf. Uh
kind of turned backwards or something so
we couldn't see the spine.
And I was like, "Hey, we got another
italiana back here.
All right.
Woo man. Energy level down.
>> Yep.
>> Depleted.
Oh man,
I'm tired.
It's a good day though. We got a lot of
good work done.
Some good listing
>> and some pretty good selling so far,
too.
>> Yep. I've been happy.
>> That's it.
>> That's it. That's going to be it for
this one. Thanks so much for watching
and we will see y'all again very soon.
Bye y'all. Five.